http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/GAG_BelongsTo , GAG BelongsTo
http://www.opengis.net/ont/geosparql#sfTouches , Touches
http://www.opengis.net/ont/geosparql#sfWithin , Within
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSNI_Perimeter , OSNI Perimeter
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGAG_ID , GAG ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGADM_Description , GADM Description
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGADM_Name , GADM Name
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOS_Name , OS Name
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOS_ID , OS ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSI_ID , OSI ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGADM_ID , GADM ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSNI_Name , OSNI Name
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGADM_UpperLevelUnit , GADM UpperLevelUnit
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGADM_NationalLevel , GADM NationalLevel
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGAG_Population , GAG Population
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSI_Name , OSI Name
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasGAG_Name , GAG Name
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSNI_ID , OSNI ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSM_ID , OSM ID
http://kr.di.uoa.gr/yago2geo/ontology/hasOSM_Name , OSM Name
strdf:area, area